Reocery API update (#4011)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/identity-lifecycles/extend-username-and-password-recovery.md

        ![disable-internal-notifications]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/disable-internal-notification.png)

??? warning "Disabled password recovery v1 API"

>     We recommend using the password recovery v2 API to avoid any adverse effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Password recovery v1 API is diabled by default and we recommend using the password recovery v2 API.
```
